namaste and good evening well I just got
back from a production of Shang yen and
unfortunately we wound up walking out
about three-quarters of the way through
because unbeknownst to us what was being
promoted as a Chinese Acrobat and dance
troupe and production what we found out
to our dismay was that it was basically
a front for fallon dafa okay the
production itself got to be quite boring
after you've seen the third dance you've
seen the whole production the the people
within the production they were quite
good quite limber I did great jumps very
like I said very limber so that wasn't
the problem the costuming was quite fine
the songs were very cheesy the
choreography left a lot to be desired
but the worst the absolute worst thing
was it was basically tantamount to being
stuck in a commercial propaganda for
Fallon dafa for a number of hours at a
high cost the tickets were not cheap the
tickets were upwards of eighty ninety
dollars apiece and when we got to the
second dance that was that we're Fallon
dolphin we're holding the banner and
we're so purse
cuted and we got up and when walked out
because it was enough was enough of that
not that there's anything wrong with the
Fallon dafa energetic exercise that's
that's quite good it's quite a nice
Qigong type of an exercise but the
philosophic stance of it gets to be into
very much more of the heaven the good
the bad you know everything is black and
white and it's very fear-based very
fear-based and and so it really felt
like a bait and switch and that they
weren't honest in in what was taking
place because if they had set up front
that this was for Fallon dafa and it's
all about Fallon dafa then I doubt we
would have bought the tickets and I'm
sure that a lot of people that buy
tickets wind up just staying because
it's not cheap to go but really in all
honesty you can't be saying you're such
a wonderful high spiritual organization
and then basically lie to people and not
disclose what it is that you're doing
okay so just be informed if you're
thinking about going to the Shang and
production that basically what you're
going to get is once again 22 hours plus
of just indoctrination propaganda about
felon dafa okay so if that's what you're
up for and you love felon dafa okay you
might enjoy the production but if there
it's not what you're looking for then by
all means spare yourself and save
yourself a lot of money and go find
something else more entertaining to do
for the evening ok so I just wanted to
let people know what's out there ah this
is one thing that once again it's it's a
lot of hypocrisy and they're not being
honest and that that's not any type of a
path you know that it well that i would
recommend i won't recommend something
that does basically does something like
that that's putting out production
companies to charge a lot of money for
you to get indoctrinated into fallon
dafa and their persecution for two hours
ok so but your life do what you want and
enjoy it so that's all i have to say
this evening you know just that
basically Shing Yin is a front for
Fallon dafa commercials ok so namaste
and hope you're having a wonderful
evening ok thank you